.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2019, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS 3 "26 Feb 2021" "libcurl FUTURE" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS \- request use of the ECH TLS option
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS, 1L);
.fi
.SH EXPERIMENTAL
Warning: this feature is early code and is marked as experimental. It can only
be enabled by explicitly telling configure with \fB--enable-ech\fP. You are
advised to not ship this in production before the experimental label is
removed.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Sets bit requesting that the ECH option be used when setting up a TLS
session to a remote ECH-aware server.

Other bits in this word are reserved for future use and must be zero.

\fICURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG\fP must also be set to specify ECH
configuration data for setting up the TLS connection.

.SH DEFAULT
ZERO. ECH processing is disabled.
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTPS
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS, 1L);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG, ascii_encoded_echconfig);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC, ascii_host_name); # OPTIONAL
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
To be added in a FUTURE release
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG "(3), " CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC "(3), "
