.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2019, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_ESNI_SERVER 3 "2 Jul 2019" "libcurl FUTURE" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_ESNI_SERVER \- specify the remote server when using ESNI
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_ESNI_SERVER, char *hostname);
.fi
.SH EXPERIMENTAL
Warning: this feature is early code and is marked as experimental. It can only
be enabled by explicitly telling configure with \fB--enable-esni\fP. You are
advised to not ship this in production before the experimental label is
removed.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Passes a pointer to a string to be used to identify the remote server
when the ESNI option is being used. This must be a valid hostname which
can be resolved to an IP address.
.SH DEFAULT
A copy of the CURLOPT_ESNI_COVER option, if available, otherwise NULL.
Note that at least one of these two options MUST be set if ESNI
processing is requested (by setting CURLOPT_ESNI_STATUS).
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTPS
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ESNI_STATUS, 1L);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ESNI_SERVER, "esni-host.example.net");
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ESNI_COVER, "esni-cover.example.net");
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ESNI_ASCIIRR, ascii_encoded_rrset_blob);
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
To be added in a FUTURE release
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_ESNI_STATUS "(3), " CURLOPT_ESNI_COVER "(3), "
.BR CURLOPT_ESNI_ASCIIRR "(3), "
