.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2019, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC 3 "15 Jun 2021" "libcurl FUTURE" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC \- specify the public (outer) SNI hostname to use for ECH
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC, char *hostname);
.fi
.SH EXPERIMENTAL
Warning: this feature is early code and is marked as experimental. It can only
be enabled by explicitly telling configure with \fB--enable-ech\fP. You are
advised to not ship this in production before the experimental label is
removed.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Optionally pass in a pointer to a string to be used as the public SNI
hostname to used in the outer (plaintext) Client Hello when using ECH,
over-riding any public name specified by CURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG.
.SH DEFAULT
NULL. No ECH configuration data are specified.
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTPS
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS, 1L);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG, ascii_encoded_echconfig);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC, ascii_host_name); # OPTIONAL
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
To be added in a FUTURE release
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_ECH_PUBLIC "(3), " CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS "(3), "
