.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2019, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLOPT_ECH_ASCIIRR 3 "26 Feb 2021" "libcurl FUTURE" "curl_easy_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLOPT_ECH_ASCIIRR \- specify the public key data to use for ECH
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLcode curl_easy_setopt(CURL *handle, CURLOPT_ECH_ASCIIRR, char *blob);
.fi
.SH EXPERIMENTAL
Warning: this feature is early code and is marked as experimental. It can only
be enabled by explicitly telling configure with \fB--enable-ech\fP. You are
advised to not ship this in production before the experimental label is
removed.
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass in a pointer to a string representing, in base64 or hexadecimal
encoding, one or more ECH configuration data structures to be used for
setting up the TLS connection.  For ECH processing, these data are
REQUIRED, and must be specified using this option as support is not
yet available for automatic discovery of service-binding (SVCB) data
from the DNS.

Multiple ECH configuration data structures may be specified using
hexadecimal encoding by simply concatenating the individual encoded
strings, or using base-64 encoding by using a semicolon between each
individual encoded string and the following one.
.SH DEFAULT
NULL. No ECH configuration data are specified.
.SH PROTOCOLS
HTTPS
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
CURL *curl = curl_easy_init();
if(curl) {
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS, 1L);
  curl_easy_setopt(curl, CURLOPT_ECH_CONFIG, ascii_encoded_echconfig);
  curl_easy_perform(curl);
}
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
To be added in a FUTURE release
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLE_OK if the option is supported, and CURLE_UNKNOWN_OPTION if not.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR CURLOPT_ECH_STATUS "(3)
